(Episode 35)
- I need water. - It's over there.
All right.
Aren't we going to depart?
Doctor Kwak isn't here yet.
He's not coming.
What do you mean?
He will catch a ferry later in the afternoon.
Why?
He's at the police station.
For what?
It's Ms. Hwang In Kyung's baby,
Han Sol. From the moment she was born...
to the moment she was transferred...
to Jeil Hospital's NICU,
I'm the one who handled...
all of her treatments.
So if there was a problem in the process,
I'm the one who should take the responsibility.
We will also press charges against Kwak Hyun,
the internal medicine doctor.
A surgeon who wields the scalpel...
even without the guardian's consent,
and an internal medicine doctor who can't handle the after-treatment.
The hospital ship is a mess indeed.
Song Eun Jae is...
a reckless surgeon who wields the scalpel...
even without the guardian's consent.
And Kwak Hyun is...
an incompetent doctor who put the patient's life in danger...
because of his poor after-treatment.
Because of them, the safety of their patients is...
seriously threatened.
Above all, people can have free surgeries...
as long as they live on the island...
regardless of their financial status.
Free medical treatment. It has many problems.
There are quite many wealthy people...
living on the island.
Those who have money should pay for their treatments.
Don't you agree?
If we keep providing free treatment, our city will run out of budget.
How do you plan to solve the problems...
of the hospital ship, governor?
First of all, we will suspend the operation of the hospital ship.
We will investigate the safety...
of the treatment they offer and the lax management of the facility.
After that, we'll suggest the shutdown of the hospital ship...
to the city council.
Shutdown?
It's finally happening.
What is this?
Are they going to close the hospital ship?
(Hospital ship is wasting the city budget.)
Does this mean...
we won't be able to set sail again?
If Doctor Kwak gets involved in this too,
didn't you know it would gain traction...
even before we come up with a plan?
No, I knew.
Why didn't you stop him?
I did.
You did and he still went?
How frustrating.
Why is he so naive?
He's not naive.
He wanted to do things by the rules.
Didn't he?
You'll tell the truth?
Yes.
Why?
That's the rule.
Don't you know the situation we're in?
If you become a target too, the officials...
will try to decommission our ship.
- I know. - And you'll still do it?
Are you saying you don't mind if we lose the ship?
Would I?
Then why are you being so stubborn?
I'm a doctor.
However bad or desperate the situation gets,
the doctor has a duty to tell the guardian the truth.
I can't turn against that.
The second we lose the trust of any patient...
is the second...
we stop being doctors.
I want to protect the ship.
I will fight as best I can, but...
I won't do it their way.
If we have a righteous purpose,
we must fight for it...
in a righteous way.
Doctor Kwak was right, but it's still frustrating.
I bet you're also worried about the tough fight...
we have ahead.
It's hilarious.
What is?
What you and Doctor Kwak are doing.
I think you two...
completely swapped places.
You were the headstrong one who stuck to the rules...
while Doctor Kwak was the tactful one...
who tried to find ways...
around the problem.
What a unique way to scold someone.
I'm scolding you?
"Why isn't a doctor sticking to the rules?"
That's what you're saying.
No.
I'm saying I understand how much you grew to like...
the hospital ship.
You're doing this to protect her.
How much must you love the ship to be willing to...
go against the rules to try to save it...
by taking the blame for everything?
I feel sorry for you,
but I'm also ashamed.
Mr. Chu.
We all had...
the same idea you did.
We avoid feces because it's dirty, not because we're scared of it.
That's why...
we all decided to let you take the fall,
hoping the crisis would pass.
But we were wrong.
We should clean up what's dirty, not leave it.
Mr. Chu.
I apologize,
Doctor Song.
I should stick to the rules so...
you can treat patients in peace.
I'm such a useless administrator.
You aren't.
Don't say that.
It's not too late now.
Let's go by the rules.
It won't be easy.
It will be difficult.
The biggest problem...
will be our absence.
While our ship is forced to stay docked,
what will happen to the patients on the island?
Don't you worry about the ship's absence.
The ship's young, inexperienced doctors...
are nothing compared to the staff...
at Geoje Jeil Hospital and Seoul Daehan Hospital.
Aren't I right?
You are.
Of course.
Out of all the doctors...
at both our hospitals,
we'll select a few who have a great reputation...
to care for the islands' residents via the remote service system.
If and when there is an emergency,
my company's helicopter is at your disposal.
Any patient will be transported swiftly to get treatment.
I feel so reassured.
Right.
Are you done?
Why are you here?
- Were you worried for me? - No.
I want to go somewhere with you.
With me? Where?
You'll find out.
Okay, let's go.
This is where you wanted to bring me?
I'm in charge of the groceries, and I have a lot to buy.
You know I don't have a car.
- Hello. - You're back.
What happened? Your wife's in a good mood today.
She isn't my wife, ma'am.
What are you then?
What's fresh today?
What did you say?
Don't you have a list?
Life doesn't always go as planned.
What would you recommend?
Oysters, of course. They just came into season.
They taste good and are good for you.
I'm cooking for 10 people.
I'll give you enough.
We have a budget.
A discount as well, then.
Thank you.
Kim, give them a little extra.
- Try something tasty. - Okay.
What do you want to taste?
This.
Just a moment.
My goodness.
You'll never get it.
- I'll eat it. - Okay.
A piece for you.
Isn't it good?
- It's delicious. - What else do you want?
Here.
- Isn't it good? - It's so tasty.
What else do you want?
You laughed so much.
Now you're back to being quiet.
I laughed?
When?
Let's go for a walk.
To talk.
What do you want to say?
That's what I wanted to ask you.
You asked me once...
if I laughed because it was funny...
or if it was just because things were unbearable.
That was just what you seemed like.
Are you copying me?
You noticed?
I never used to...
expect much from a relationship.
I'd never made eye contact for over three seconds,
memorized a patient's name,
or opened up to a colleague or friend.
Guess what?
When you expect nothing,
you fear nothing.
Because there's nothing to lose.
Is it different now?
I think so.
What if the hospital ship stops running...
forever?
What will happen to the crew?
What about the patients?
I have many concerns and fears.
I tried to get rid of them...
by pretending to be happy.
I tried to laugh as much as possible.
It doesn't seem effective for me.
It wasn't effective for me either.
You noticed sadness in my laughter.
Your comforting words were more effective.
I'm relieved...
that I can notice it right away.
However, don't do that anymore.
Tell me when you're afraid.
Ask for help when things are difficult.
Cry when you're sad.
Just let it go.
I noticed it today,
but next time,
I may not notice it.
From now on, tell me everything.
Whatever it is,
don't try to fight it alone.
It's a very bad habit of yours.
Promise me.
Can you promise me?
That's good.
[VIU Ver] Episode 35 Hospital Ship "By the Rules"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I called everyone here tonight...
because there's something I'd like to ask.
In a few days,
the hospital ship will shut down temporarily.
All of you will be reassigned quickly.
Are you accepting it?
Without even a fight?
We'll take care of it.
Public health doctors must stay out of it.
- But... - As you know,
this is your military service.
If you break the rules, you'll be reported.
Once you're sentenced,
you must join the military right away.
In that case,
you won't ever see your precious patients again.
Do you understand me?
Why aren't you answering him?
You should say yes loud and clear.
Remember when you received your assignment?
Doctor Kim Jae Geol.
You looked like you were boarding a haunted ship.
That's not all.
Doctor Cha Joon Young tried everything...
not to board the hospital ship.
I saw you attaching...
an amulet on your forehead.
Come on, Captain.
The local council wants to see you, Dr. Song.
They'll hold an investigation...
related to medical malpractice.
Go and give your testimony.
Okay.
- Go with her, Dr. Kwak. - Okay.
Dr. Song, you'll be reassigned...
based on the investigation results.
I understand.
Regarding where the crew members...
and the nurses will be reassigned,
I'll get a call in a few days.
No, I won't go anywhere else.
Let's fight instead and keep...
the hospital ship running.
Fighting is the last resort.
For now, Captain Bang, Mr. Chu, and I...
will try our best to persuade the local council.
Don't do anything rash.
Stay in your places, okay?
Nurse Pyo.
It's okay.
Everything will be okay.
Don't cry.
Where are they taking the ship?
They'll keep it at Gwanyongseon Dock...
and check its maintenance.
After maintenance,
what will happen?
Will they renovate it and use it for something else?
Do you think...
we can go back?
Can we go back to the hospital ship...
and visit each island?
Will we see our patients again?
(Provincial Government Office)
Shutting down the hospital ship is unjust.
We ask to speak with the governor.
Why can't we speak with the governor?
He's out of the office.
We saw him going in.
- You're mistaken. - Sir.
Please go back.
If you get aggressive, we'll call the security guards.
(Dong Min's Mom)
There he is.
- Sir. - Governor.
- Governor. - Sir.
We need to talk to you.
Please don't shut down the hospital ship.
Let's take it to court.
If we lose the case, we'll give up.
Governor.
Governor!
What should we do now?
We must wait until he sees us.
Otherwise, we'll protest.
(Dong Min's Mom)
Hello, I can't talk right now. I'll call you later.
Why are you so rude?
I can't answer calls right now.
My goodness.
What a mess.
How does he sound?
He seemed well yesterday,
but he's struggling today.
What are you doing?
Why did you let her come near my baby?
Don't you know she's the one who made my daughter sick?
Ms. Hwang, you shouldn't accuse her like that.
I don't know...
what your lawyer said to you,
but you can't conclude that Dr. Song made her sick.
If it wasn't her, did you make my daughter sick?
- No, what I mean is... - It's okay.
I'm sorry. Please see your baby now.
I'll leave now.
Yes, sir.
- Where are you now? - I'm in the ER.
Come to my office.
Okay.
What did you just say?
I said stop working at the ER.
- What's the reason? - Your name...
has been on the news too often recently...
and not in a good way.
- But that's... - I know it's unfair to you.
I don't know how far the baby's mother wants to take this,
but I also know...
that it's most likely that she will lose the case.
Most doctors and experts...
would agree with me.
Then why?
It's because ordinary people believe the press.
It's ordinary people who come to hospitals for treatments,
not doctors or experts.
Let me get this straight. You're advising me to quit...
because you're worried about damaging your hospital's reputation?
It's your three months' salaries.
People will forget about this in three months.
Take some rest,
and get a job at another hospital when things die down.
With your ability, hospitals will line up to have you.
Is this...
your own decision?
Whose else would it be?
I understood.
I will do as you say,
but please let me work...
until you find a replacement at least.
The ER is full of emergency patients every night.
Doctor Kang can't handle it alone.
We have quite many emergency surgeries, so...
Don't worry about that.
I've found a replacement already.
Sir. Doctor Myung Se Joon is here.
Hi.
Is Doctor Myung Se Joon my replacement?
Transfer your duties to him,
and stop working at the ER as of today.
Goodness. You acted like you're the smartest person,
but you couldn't even protect the hospital ship.
Is there hope?
How long should I stay here?
I think you should ask Doosung Group, not me.
I guess there can't be any hope.
Their chairman came all the way here and made a fuss.
It means they will push ahead with the bill...
on remote medical service this time.
Of course, they'd try to remove the hospital ship, the biggest obstacle.
Still, they didn't have to...
fire you from the ER too.
So, do you have a place to work?
I should look for one.
Doctor Kim Do Hoon is very worried about you.
You should call him.
It looked like...
he was talking to...
Chief Director Jang Sung Ho about having you back in Seoul.
Doosung Group wouldn't like it so much.
Why not? They'll welcome you.
When we lost you before, do you know...
what Chief Director Jang said to Doctor Kim?
"Businessmen even embrace their enemies if they need to,"
"so you have to embrace the betrayers too."
You're on the hospital ship's side now, so that means...
you're the enemy of the remote medical service.
They will welcome you with open arms.
It'll be turning the strongest enemy into an ally.
- What are you doing? - Can't you see I'm making coffee?
- What have you been doing all day? - Paperwork.
- Is it going well? - It's a piece of cake.
What about you?
- I wrote a report. - Gosh.
Why do you have to write a report? You've done nothing wrong.
Anyway, it's comfortable here, but it's distressing.
Right.
If I had been placed to a place like this...
before I got on the hospital ship, I would've been so happy.
Why do I want to go back so badly? It only makes me seasick.
Tell me about it.
My gosh.
I wonder how the elderly are doing.
They'd be fine, right?
They have helpers.
I hope so.
(Haeshim Island Health Center)
- I guess they're not. - What do you mean?
Hello?
Doctor, we have a big problem.
A big problem?
What is that about?
- This isn't working. - We can't deal with them.
This is broken!
Sir, you just need to charge it.
Charge what?
The doctor says he can't see my face.
Please look at the camera.
There is no camera here.
Are they teasing us or what?
I may not know how to read or write,
but I know what a camera looks like.
Hey, come and look at this.
- Me too. - Mine isn't working either.
Are you hearing this?
Please do something.
This will make me sick soon.
I heard they sent helpers for the elderly.
Haven't they arrived?
They came and left already.
They just said what they needed to say...
even though the elderly didn't understand it, and they just left.
I'll tell you the details about the most urgent patients first,
- so please help them. - Okay. Go on.
Mr. Park Sung Ryeol and Ms. Kang Jung Boon have to take...
their prescriptions today.
The hospital will send them the prescription drugs, right?
What did they say about that again?
I'm not really sure.
How does this sound?
I can't go there right now, but I'll go as soon as I get off work.
I'll go and help you with the patients.
When do you get off work?
It's 5pm, so I can be there by 8pm.
It'll be too late then.
We're only open from 10am to 4pm.
My goodness. Forget it.
They're throwing a tantrum again.
What should we do?
We should go there.
She said it'd be closed by then.
There must be a way.
All right.
Let's meet at the lobby after work.
We should hurry to catch the last ferry.
What are the captain and Mr. Chu doing?
Can't they settle this faster?
Governor!
Come on out already!
We request a face-to-face talk!
Sir! Governor!
This is absurd.
Where on earth is he?
Where else would he be? He must be in his office.
- My gosh. - Goodness.
What a great scene. What are you doing here?
What brings you here?
I need you to come with me.
- Where? - Just come with me.
Come here.
- Let go of me! - What's wrong with you?
- Just come with me. - I can't.
The hospital ship is having a crisis.
That darn hospital ship.
It's the only thing you care about, right?
What do we do?
I'm scared that his wife might punch him soon.
- Maybe I should stop them. - Stay here.
- Don't be ridiculous. - Shouldn't I?
The hospital ship is more important than your children, right?
Why? Did something happen to our kids?
There will be a disciplinary committee.
Your brilliant second son, Dong Min,
punched his classmate and broke his tooth.
The school wants the parents to...
Are you feeling okay?
You actually look a little pale.
Stop acting like you care about me.
Stop acting, and come with me to his school.
We'll go there and...
Honey.
Honey!
- Honey! - Is she okay?
What's happening? Honey!
Honey!
(Episode 36 will air shortly.)